You are here
Ye Shao spent years
Countless experiences
The ancient Xia Book of Changes found after hundreds of millions of properties
It was destroyed.
Xiao Chen Private, I, Gu Xia, don't say it anymore
Dare to slander like this
I want you dead.
I will use the power of Tengyun Chamber of Commerce
Let you live until tomorrow
slander
Counterfeit without slander
Ye Shaofanqing calm down
Xiao Xiaoyou, you have to give a reasonable explanation
Otherwise, the old man can't be guaranteed
This ancient summer has been passed down for thousands of years
The papermaking book of thousands of years ago is rough and soft
And the texture of this one
Not only stiff
It's so smooth.
This shows that
This is a counterfeit
Secondly, I have seen the real ancient summer clothes gold.
The text inside is completely different from this one
This shows that
This book must be called Hu Yi
That nonsense has been torn apart by you
You can say whatever you want.
Let's talk about it again.
This ancient Xia I Ching has not had an accident for a long time
You said you saw the original
Isn't that a contradiction?
Look at the fox showing its tail
Who said that Gu Xia has been lost for many years?
He is clearly in the library of the Dragon Palace
It just so happens that I want to give Gu Lao a gift.
It also includes this ancient Xia I Ching
At that time, it will be ripe and fake.
One stroke
Dragon Palace Library
Thank you. Who do you think you are?
Dragon Palace owner
Building dragon master?
Don't think I am